#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements-test.txt requirements-test.in
#
apipkg==1.5
    # via execnet
arabic-reshaper==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
attrs==21.2.0
    # via pytest
babel==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
backports-datetime-fromisoformat==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   counter-r5-elasticsearch
beautifulsoup4==4.6.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
cairocffi==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairosvg
cairosvg==2.5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairocffi
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
codecov==2.1.11
    # via -r requirements-test.in
colorama==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
counter-r5-elasticsearch==0.20
    # via -r requirements.txt
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
cssselect2==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairosvg
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eulxml
dataclasses==0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   counter-r5-elasticsearch
    #   pydantic
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairosvg
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-account-actions==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-admin-rangefilter==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-adv-cache-tag==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-ckeditor==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-easy-pjax==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-fsm==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-ipware==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-isbn-field==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-ckeditor
django-js-reverse==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-modeltranslation==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-post-office==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-prometheus==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-resumable-uploads==1.0.13
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-reversion==3.0.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-taggit==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-waffle==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
django==3.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-account-actions
    #   django-easy-pjax
    #   django-isbn-field
    #   django-js-reverse
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-post-office
    #   django-redis
    #   django-resumable-uploads
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-taggit
    #   jsonfield
elasticsearch==7.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   counter-r5-elasticsearch
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
eulfedora==1.7.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
eulxml==1.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eulfedora
execnet==1.8.1
    # via pytest-xdist
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
faker==8.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   factory-boy
feedparser==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   arabic-reshaper
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
html2text==2020.1.16
    # via -r requirements.txt
humanfriendly==9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-resumable-uploads
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.5.0
    # via
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rdflib
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-post-office
liberuditarticle==0.2.75
    # via -r requirements.txt
luqum==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eulxml
    #   liberuditarticle
    #   pikepdf
    #   sickle
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
mysqlclient==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
packaging==20.9
    # via pytest
pikepdf==2.12.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pillow==8.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   pikepdf
    #   reportlab
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eulxml
    #   luqum
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-prometheus
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eulfedora
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pymupdf==1.18.14
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
    #   rdflib
pypdf2==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eulfedora
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
pysolr==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-cov==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-django==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-forked==1.3.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-xdist==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest==6.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-xdist
python-bidi==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   counter-r5-elasticsearch
    #   eulfedora
    #   faker
python-stdnum==1.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-isbn-field
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
rdflib==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eulfedora
redis-key-tagging==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-redis
    #   redis-key-tagging
reportlab==3.5.56
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eulfedora
requests[socks]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   codecov
    #   eulfedora
    #   pysolr
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sickle
roman==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   liberuditarticle
rules==3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
sentry-sdk==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   structlog-sentry
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   feedparser
sickle==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
simplejson==3.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-resumable-uploads
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-isbn-field
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   eulfedora
    #   eulxml
    #   isodate
    #   liberuditarticle
    #   python-bidi
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rdflib
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
structlog-sentry==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
structlog==21.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
suds-py3==1.4.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   liberuditarticle
    #   pydantic
    #   structlog
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
zipp==3.4.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
